# CS-330-Computer-Graphics-and-Visualizaion

# CS-330-Computer-Graphics-and-Visualization
The project here is a 3D scene created with OpenGL. The scene is a representation of my desk space at home. In the Debug folder is an .exe file that can be run to view the project and in the OpenGlSample forlder is all of the program files. Source.cpp is my main code. 

Throughout the project, I was provided with many resources of how to code in OpenGL. I mostly learned and evolved my design techniques using the knowledge that I gained from learnOpenGl.com, and a GitHub link that had that provided instructions via tutorials about how to implement new features into my code. Because I did not have any experience with OpenGL prior to the start of my project my design process was a pattern of reading from the book Learn OpenGL and researching and then using what I learned to design and code my project. My experience has strengthened my ability to conduct quality research and retain and use the information that I gathered. 

As I progressed through my project, I strengthened and learned development strategies. Because the code that I was working with was quite large, I was able to strengthen my strategy of writing and executing bits of code at a time. The code that I was working with had so many parts, functions, classes, etc. that if one there was one mistake, it was hard to track where the error actually was.  I developed a good habit of completing one portion of code at a time and the testing to make sure that code was functional before I continued developing. I'm still learning C++ and best coding practices, so I'm sure that throughout my code there are many ways that I could have implemented my code logic better, but with each step in my project I feel that I also gained a better understanding of best coding practices and learned how to better design parts of code. 

My big dream is to join the industry of AI, so I can imagine that I will cross paths with some of the things that I have learned in Computer Graphics and Visualization at some point along the way. If robots are in the future for me, I'm sure that some of the concepts that I have learned about in this course will be relevent. Specifically, I know that the use of matrices, vecotrs, the laws of physics and understanding dimensions will all be useful in the realm of AI. My understanding and experience with C++ has increased greatly. I have coded more in this class than I ahve in any previous class and I have learned so much about the C++ language. I have learned how to better navigate files, and improved my ability of debugging code because of file issues.  
